# CPU-Scheduler
Simulation of a CPU scheduling using FIFO and SRTF scheduling algorithms

# Member Variables -  Class Job
remainingBurst - Initialized with the total burst time stored in the member variable, burst; when the job is scheduled to CPU, per every time unit, remainingBurst must decrement by 1 until it becomes 0. When there is no remaining burst time, the job stops being scheduled by the CPU.

StartTime - Initialized with -1; the member variable is updated with the correct start time when the job is scheduled for the first time to the CPU.

endTime - Initialized with -1; the member variable is updated with the correct end time when the job is completed (indicated by remainingBurst becoming 0).

# Methods - Class ReadyQueue
enqueue - When a new job comes in (in this case, generated by newJob method in CPU class), the job is added to the end of the FIFO queue.

dequeue - The job is popped from the beginning of the FIFO queue.

queue - The class ReadyQueue uses LinkedList as a data structure underneath. The method, queue, is used to access the underlying data structure directly.

# Methods - Class CPU
newJob - As described in Synopsis above, at every time unit, the method, newJob, is called to simulate a new job coming to the ready queue. A new job will have a random CPU burst amount and a corresponding Job ID already initialized.

getRunning - A scheduler calls getRunning method to see which job is currently run by the CPU. The method will return null if there is no job scheduled.

setRunning - A scheduler calls setRunning methods to schedule a job to the CPU. The method will pass null as a job when there is no job to schedule.
